README.md, before:

# LangTeam

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/langteam.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/langteam)
[![Python 3.10+](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

A multiagent system framework built on LangChain and LangGraph with supervisor-based coordination.

LangTeam provides a flexible architecture for creating teams of specialized AI agents that collaborate on complex tasks under the guidance of a supervisor agent.

## Features

- **Supervisor Architecture**: Intelligent task routing and coordination
- **Hierarchical Supervisors**: Supervisors can manage other supervisors, enabling nested team structures
- **Extensible Agent System**: Easy-to-extend base classes for custom agents
- **LangGraph Integration**: Stateful workflows with LangGraph
- **Type-Safe**: Full type hints and Pydantic models

## Installation

```bash
pip install langteam
```

For development:
```bash
pip install -e ".[dev]"
```

## Quick Start

1. Set up your environment:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env and add your OPENAI_API_KEY
```

2. Create your custom agents by extending `BaseAgent`:
```python
from langteam import BaseAgent
from typing import List, Callable

class MyAgent(BaseAgent):
    @property
    def description(self) -> str:
        return "Description of what this agent does"
    
    @property
    def tools(self) -> List[Callable]:
        return [my_tool_function]
    
    @property
    def system_prompt(self) -> str:
        return "System prompt for the agent"
```

3. Set up the agent system:
```python
from langteam import AgentSystem
from langchain_openai import ChatOpenAI

llm = ChatOpenAI(model="gpt-4o-mini", temperature=0)
agents = [MyAgent(llm), AnotherAgent(llm)]
system = AgentSystem(llm, agents)

result = system.run("Your task here")
```

## Hierarchical Supervisors

**💡 Key Feature**: `SupervisorAgent` can be used as a regular agent within another `AgentSystem`, enabling powerful hierarchical team structures.

Create teams of teams for complex workflows:

```python
from langteam import AgentSystem, SupervisorAgent
from langchain_openai import ChatOpenAI

llm = ChatOpenAI(model="gpt-4o-mini", temperature=0)

# Create specialized teams
research_team = [ResearchAgent(llm), AnalysisAgent(llm)]
research_supervisor = SupervisorAgent(
    llm, research_team, 
    name="ResearchTeamSupervisor"
)

content_team = [WritingAgent(llm), EditingAgent(llm)]
content_supervisor = SupervisorAgent(
    llm, content_team, 
    name="ContentTeamSupervisor"
)

# Top-level supervisor coordinates the teams
top_system = AgentSystem(llm, [research_supervisor, content_supervisor])
result = top_system.run("Research AI trends and write a comprehensive report")
```

**How it works:**
1. The top-level supervisor receives the task
2. It intelligently routes to the appropriate team supervisor (e.g., ResearchTeamSupervisor)
3. The team supervisor manages its specialized agents
4. Results flow back up to coordinate between teams
5. Complex multi-stage tasks are handled seamlessly

This architecture allows you to build sophisticated agent organizations with clear separation of concerns.

## Usage

### Single Agent (Basic)
Run the basic agent:
```bash
python main.py
```

The agent includes two tools:
- **Calculator**: Performs mathematical calculations
- **Weather**: Returns weather information (mock implementation)

### Multiagent System with Supervisor
Run the multiagent system:
```bash
python multiagent_supervisor.py
```

The multiagent system includes:
- **Supervisor Agent**: Orchestrates and routes tasks to specialized agents
- **Research Agent**: Handles research and information gathering
- **Analysis Agent**: Analyzes data and provides insights
- **Writing Agent**: Writes and formats content
- **Math Agent**: Performs calculations

The supervisor dynamically decides which agents to invoke and coordinates their work, allowing agents to collaborate back and forth on complex tasks.

## Architecture

The multiagent system uses LangGraph to create a stateful workflow where:
1. Supervisor receives the task
2. Supervisor routes to appropriate sub-agent
3. Sub-agent completes its work
4. Control returns to supervisor
5. Process repeats until task is complete

## Customization

Add your own tools by creating functions and registering them with the `Tool` class in either `main.py` or `multiagent_supervisor.py`.

Commit message:

Rename package from langteam to langgroup

README.md, after:

# LangGroup

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/langgroup.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/langgroup)
[![Python 3.10+](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

A multiagent system framework built on LangChain and LangGraph with supervisor-based coordination.

LangGroup provides a flexible architecture for creating teams of specialized AI agents that collaborate on complex tasks under the guidance of a supervisor agent.

## Features

- **Supervisor Architecture**: Intelligent task routing and coordination
- **Hierarchical Supervisors**: Supervisors can manage other supervisors, enabling nested team structures
- **Extensible Agent System**: Easy-to-extend base classes for custom agents
- **LangGraph Integration**: Stateful workflows with LangGraph
- **Type-Safe**: Full type hints and Pydantic models

## Installation

```bash
pip install langgroup
```

For development:
```bash
pip install -e ".[dev]"
```

## Quick Start

1. Set up your environment:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env and add your OPENAI_API_KEY
```

2. Create your custom agents by extending `BaseAgent`:
```python
from langgroup import BaseAgent
from typing import List, Callable

class MyAgent(BaseAgent):
    @property
    def description(self) -> str:
        return "Description of what this agent does"
    
    @property
    def tools(self) -> List[Callable]:
        return [my_tool_function]
    
    @property
    def system_prompt(self) -> str:
        return "System prompt for the agent"
```

3. Set up the agent system:
```python
from langgroup import AgentSystem
from langchain_openai import ChatOpenAI

llm = ChatOpenAI(model="gpt-4o-mini", temperature=0)
agents = [MyAgent(llm), AnotherAgent(llm)]
system = AgentSystem(llm, agents)

result = system.run("Your task here")
```

## Hierarchical Supervisors

**💡 Key Feature**: `SupervisorAgent` can be used as a regular agent within another `AgentSystem`, enabling powerful hierarchical team structures.

Create teams of teams for complex workflows:

```python
from langgroup import AgentSystem, SupervisorAgent
from langchain_openai import ChatOpenAI

llm = ChatOpenAI(model="gpt-4o-mini", temperature=0)

# Create specialized teams
research_team = [ResearchAgent(llm), AnalysisAgent(llm)]
research_supervisor = SupervisorAgent(
    llm, research_team, 
    name="ResearchTeamSupervisor"
)

content_team = [WritingAgent(llm), EditingAgent(llm)]
content_supervisor = SupervisorAgent(
    llm, content_team, 
    name="ContentTeamSupervisor"
)

# Top-level supervisor coordinates the teams
top_system = AgentSystem(llm, [research_supervisor, content_supervisor])
result = top_system.run("Research AI trends and write a comprehensive report")
```

**How it works:**
1. The top-level supervisor receives the task
2. It intelligently routes to the appropriate team supervisor (e.g., ResearchTeamSupervisor)
3. The team supervisor manages its specialized agents
4. Results flow back up to coordinate between teams
5. Complex multi-stage tasks are handled seamlessly

This architecture allows you to build sophisticated agent organizations with clear separation of concerns.

## Usage

### Single Agent (Basic)
Run the basic agent:
```bash
python main.py
```

The agent includes two tools:
- **Calculator**: Performs mathematical calculations
- **Weather**: Returns weather information (mock implementation)

### Multiagent System with Supervisor
Run the multiagent system:
```bash
python multiagent_supervisor.py
```

The multiagent system includes:
- **Supervisor Agent**: Orchestrates and routes tasks to specialized agents
- **Research Agent**: Handles research and information gathering
- **Analysis Agent**: Analyzes data and provides insights
- **Writing Agent**: Writes and formats content
- **Math Agent**: Performs calculations

The supervisor dynamically decides which agents to invoke and coordinates their work, allowing agents to collaborate back and forth on complex tasks.

## Architecture

The multiagent system uses LangGraph to create a stateful workflow where:
1. Supervisor receives the task
2. Supervisor routes to appropriate sub-agent
3. Sub-agent completes its work
4. Control returns to supervisor
5. Process repeats until task is complete

## Customization

Add your own tools by creating functions and registering them with the `Tool` class in either `main.py` or `multiagent_supervisor.py`.
